Which side of the santoor is closer to the waist while playing it ?
Does a santoor look like a soccer ball ?
Which santoor can have more strin ?
Who is a notable player of santoor ?
Where was the primitive ancestor of the santoor invented ?
What is the santoor referred to in ancient Sanskrit texts ?
Is santoor a musical instrument ?
Is the santoor made of walnut ?
Does the typical santoor have two sets of bridges ?
During the May 1959 electio ?
Does Singapore have more urban areas or more vegetation ?
In which year was Singapore expelled from Malaysia ?
When was Modern Singapore founded ?
When did self-government begin ?
What was the animal seen by Sang Nila Utama ?
Is Singapore 137 kilometres north of the equator ?
Is Singapore a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic ?
In 19 ?
Will the space probe Pioneer 10's battery be active when it reaches Taurus ?
What was another Mesopotamian name for Taurus ?
Did the Egyptians depict Taurus' horns as forwards or backwards ?
What is the brightest star in Taurus ?
What letter in the early Hebrew alphabet represents Taurus ?
What is the recommended abbreviation for Taurus ?
Is Taurus Latin for "bull" ?
Is Taurus a completely circumpolar constellation ?
Is Taurus part of the zodiac ?
What is the conventional name for the array of String objects that Java's main method accepts ?
In what project does Google use Java ?
Is James Gosling still working at Sun Microsystems ?
As of 20 ?
Who initiated the Java language project in 1991 ?
When did Sun Microsystems release Java as free and open-source software ?
Is portability a design goal of Java ?
Is Java object-oriented ?
Is the standard Java library the Java Class Library ?
Are most of CPython's alternative implementations free and open-source ?
Do Python developers use spam and eggs in tutorials and reference materials ?
Who chose Python as a working title for the project ?
What are some languages that Python expressions are similar to ?
What are some programming paradigms that Python supports ?
When was Python conceived ?
Are Python interpreters available for many different operating systems ?
Was Python implemented in 1975 ?
Does Python support multiple programming paradigms ?
Which cities are on the west bank and the east bank of river Danube ?
Why is Budapest the combination of the city names "Buda" and "Pest" ?
What are some universities situated in Budapest ?
Which treaty added Pannonia to Bulgaria ?
How many universities are situated in Budapest ?
How many inhabitants did Budapest have in 2011 ?
Was the first settlement on the territory of Budapest built after 1 AD ?
Is the Budapest Metropolitan Area home to 3.3 billion people ?
Is Budapest the capital of Hungary ?
Does English most popular in the any of the Caribbean nations ?
Did the Norman's conquest of England influence the Middle English  ?
Does International Olympic Committee treat English as one of their official languages  ?
where does English arise  ?
What gave rise to heavy borrowings from Norman French  ?
What is Simplified English originally developed for  ?
Is the word English the spelling of englisc  ?
Are many French words intelligible to an English speaker  ?
Does the The phonology of English differ between dialects  ?
Does Leo form an asterism known as "the Sickle"  ?
what the distance between the red giant R Leonis and our planet  ?
Is six stars the symbol of the back of the Lion's head  ?
what is Regulus designated  ?
where is the Leo Ring found  ?
when does Leonids occur  ?
Is Leo a constellation of the zodiac  ?
Is the red giant R Leonis in Leo  ?
Is M66 a spiral galaxy  ?
How are Daytime Arietids observed if they are not visible to the naked eye ?
What did Johann Bayer name the three prominent stars which form an asterism in Aries ?
How many bright stars does Aries posses ?
What is the range of magnitude for stars in Aries that are visible to the naked eye ?
Which god is Aries associated with in ancient Egyptian astronomy ?
Why was Aries called the "Indicator of the Reborn Sun" ?
Is Aries home to meteor showers ?
Is Aries an official constellation ?
Is Aries located in the northern celestial hemisphere ?
Why are carbon fibre cellos suitable for outdoor playing ?
Can the cello tailpiece be made of steel ?
How many cello players are part of the standard symphony orchestra ?
 In which century did the cello repertoire grow ?
 Where is the cello section located on stage in standard orchestral seating ?
What is a direct ancestor to the cello ?
Are standard-sized cellos referred to as "full-size" ?
Is the cello a member of the traditional string quartet ?
Is the cello abbreviated from celloviolon ?
What accompanied the economic success of big business ?
Is the foresting industry larger than the tourism industry ?
Do maple trees grow in the Vancouver area ?
Who was the first European to explore the coast of Point Grey ?
When was the City of Vancouver incorporated ?
How many people were recorded in the 2011 census ?
Is Vancouver a film and television production centre ?
Is Vancouver the second most densely populated city in Canada ?
Is CKNW a radio station in Vancouver ?
What is the purpose of the heel of the hand when playing the tabla ?
Is the right drum larger than the left drum ?
What is the purpose of chutta in a tabla ?
What is the left hand drum called ?
Which stroke is a combination of Tin and Ghe ?
What are the drum shells covered with ?
Is the tabla used in Hindustani classical music ?
Is Dha a combination of Tin and Ghe ?
Is playing the tabla a mathematically calculated process ?
According to the theory of invention within Chi ?
What differentiates the European clavichord from the Yangqin ?
Which instrument might have influenced China through the Silk Road ?
When did the Age of Exploration in Europe reach its climax ?
What is a theory for how the yangqin came into contact with the Chinese ?
What is the yangqin ?
Was the yangqin traditionally fitted with bronze strings ?
Has the word "yangqin" historically been written two different ways ?
Are the Thai and Cambodian khim nearly identical in their construction ?
Who was the first European to correctly depict the Crux ?
Which nations started using Crux as a national symbol starting in the colonial age ?
Which building did the Southern Cross Tower replace ?
What are the lyrics for the Southern Cross in O Sweet Saint Martin's Land ?
Which is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies ?
Which constellation is crux sometimes confused with ?
Where is the Southern Cross frequently used for navigation ?
How did Amerigo Vespucci depict Crux ?
What is crux ?
Does Athens dominate the Attica region ?
Is Athens the least populous city in Greece ?
Was the Cave of Schist a human presence in Athens ?
Where is Athens the capital of ?
Where does Athens sprawl across ?
How many densely populated municipalities are in the Athens Metropolitan Area ?
Does western Greece have more precipitation than Athens ?
In the 198 ?
In Athe ?
Does the cello have five strings ?
Do cellos have an endpin ?
In traditional fiddle mus ?
In which ensembles is the cello used ?
What is the cello player called ?
What was the direct ancestor to the violoncello ?
Which is the cello more common  ?
Are principal players farther from the audience than other players ?
Are there symphonic works which do not involve the cello section ?
What city is the largest in Greece ?
Is Athens built around mountains ?
Does Athens have a uniformity of architectural style ?
When did Athens become the capital of the independent Greek state ?
Did Athens hold the 2000 Summer Olympic Games ?
How many UNESCO World Heritage Sites does Athens have ?
What was the capital of Greece before Athens ?
Was a number of neoclassical buildings demolished in the 1950s and 1960s in Athens ?
How many days is Attica Zoological Park closed in a year ?
Was the first World Congress of Esperanto organized in Belgium ?
Did the French Academy of Sciences recommend using Esperanto for international scientific communication in 1421 ?
Has any country adopted Esperanto officially ?
Where was the first book of Esperanto grammar published ?
Where do the majority of Esperanto speakers learn the language ?
Who published the core definition of Esperanto vocabula ?
What was the language of the 1965 B-movie horror film Incubus ?
Was Esperanto widely used by radio broadcasters ?
Did the Institute of Cybernetic Pedagogy at Paderborn determine it was easier for French-speaking students to learn English or Esperanto ?
Where is Ophiuchus located ?
In which countries does Ophiuchus appear overhead in June around midnight and in the October evening sky ?
Which star in Ophiuchus is known as "the elbow" ?
How far away is GJ 1214 from Earth ?
What is a possible explanation for NGC 6240's unusually high rate of star formation ?
What is the temperature on Barnard 68 ?
Is Ophiuchus normally visible in the night sky during June in the Northern Hemisphere ?
What is unique about the Ophiuchus Superbubble ?
How did Laoco\xf6n die ?
Is Java a functional computer programming language ?
Is Java one of the most popular programming languages in use ?
Are Java applications typically compiled to bytecode ?
When did Sun Microsystems approach the ISO/IEC JTC 1 standards body ?
When did James Gosling resign from Oracle ?
When did Hotspot become the default for Sun's JVM ?
When was the Java project first created ?
Where did Java derive most of its syntax from ?
What was Java originally called ?
Is Taruus one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Did Taurus came to symbolize the bull ?
Is Taurus a big and prominent constellation ?
When was the recommended three-letter abbreviation for the constellation adopted ?
How often does Zeta Tauri complete an orbit ?
Taurus became an important object of worship among whom ?
Does Taurus date back to at least 3000 B.C ?
Is the recommended short abbreviation for Taur ?
By early spri ?
Is Leo one of the constellations of the Zodiac ?
Is M66 an elliptical galaxy ?
Is Leo home to the red giant R Leonis ?
Which star 7.8 light-years away from Earth is in Leo ?
What is the Leo Ring ?
When do the January Leonids peak ?
What are some examples of stars in the Leo constellation ?
In the representation of Leo as a li ?
What is the relation of Leo to Coma Berenices ?
Is Budapest the largest city of Hungary ?
Did Budapest have 1.74 million inhabitants in 2011 ?
Is the annual precipitation in Budapest is around 23.5 inches ?
What is the capital of Hungary ?
When did Aquincum become the main city of Pannonia Inferior ?
What is the area of Budapest ?
What are the three departments of The Curia ?
What materials make up the Buda hills ?
When were the first settlements in Budapest's history ?
Can python code be packaged into stand-alone executable programs ?
Does python provide a round function for rounding floats to integers ?
Is the standard library essential to run Python ?
When was Python conceived ?
Who started Python's implementation ?
What is the primary mechanism for proposing major new features ?
How are blocks of code delimited in Python ?
What does Python use for garbage collection ?
How are modules imported ?
Did early Hindu astronomers know the constellation Leo as Ashlesha ?
Is the red giant R Leonis a member of the constellation Leo ?
Was the US navy ship AK-128 named after the constellation Leo ?
Which star in the constellation Leo has a name that means "the little king" ?
What is the one bright variable star within the constellation Leo ?
What is the name of the cloud of hydrogen and helium gas found in the orbit of two galaxies within the constellation Leo ?
In which historical region do mythologists believe that the constellation Leo represented a monster killed by Gilgamesh ?
In Greek mytholo ?
In Greek mytholo ?
Does the English language contain a large vocabulary? ?
Does modern English contain adjectival agreement ?
Is the United Kingdom the country with the highest population of native English speakers ?
English originated in dialects of which language that were carried to Britain by Germanic settlers ?
Which language includes the works of William Shakespeare and the King James Bible ?
Approximately how many people speak English as their first language ?
The third-most-common native language in the world was first spoken in which country ?
What are some languages that follow a syntax pattern similar to that of English ?
The language of Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales arose from linguistics shifts following which event ?
Can the djembe can produce a wide variety of sounds ?
Can a djembe weigh 5 kg ?
Test the interfac ?
Is Pune located in India ?
Was Pune the power of the Maratha Empire  ?
Was Pune hit by the bubonic plague in 1896 ?
What is the cultural capital of Maharashtra ?
Who was the founder of the Maratha Empire  ?
Who were the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire ?
Which city was the center of power of the Maratha empire  ?
Which administrator developed methods to manage disputes during the Bhosale administration  ?
Does Pune experience summer in June  ?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Where is Aries located ?
What does Aries' symbol represent ?
How many modern constellations are there in total ?
What is the total area of Aries constellation ?
Which organization recognized Aries as an official constellation ?
What is the name of the brightest star in the Aries constellation ?
Is HIP 14810 a G6 type star ?
How far is the star of Aries constellation from Earth ?
Was Carmel-by-the-Sea founded in 1903 ?
Where French Mariners the first Europeans to see Carmel-by-the-sea ?
Is Carmel-by-the-Sea divided into 3 sections ?
When was the Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo founded ?
Who represents Carmel-by-the-Sea in the United States House of Representatives ?
What type of climate does Carmel-by-the-Sea experience ?
In Carmel-by-the-s ?
Is Mission Fields within the Sphere of Influence of Carmel-by-the-Sea ?
Did artists play a big role in the early City Councils of Carmel-by-the-sea ?
Does Ophiuchus contain no star clusters ?
Does Ophiuchus lie predominantly to the north of the equator ?
In the northern hemisphe ?
What does the name of Ophiuchus mean ?
Who does Aratus describe Ophiuchus as trampling on ?
Is Ophiuchus located opposite Taurus in the Sky ?
Did Jupiter want the entire human race to become immortal ?
Is Barnard 68 heavier than the Sun ?
Can people close to the equator see Ophiuchus during the night in June ?
Is Swing a graphical user interface library for the Java SE platform ?
Is porting a major benefit of using bytecode ?
Is Google the current owner of the official implementation of the Java SE platform ?
How many primary goals were there in the creation of the Java language ?
Who initiated the Java language project in June 1991 ?
When can garbage collection happen ?
Is HotSpot an implementation of the JVM ?
What does FOSS stand for ?
Do programs written in Java require less memory than those written in C++ ?
Is Taurus one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Did Taurus come to symbolize the bull in the mythologies of Greece and Rome ?
Is the recommended three-letter abbreviation for the constellation "Tau" ?
What is the brightest member of this constellation ?
What is the supernova remnant Messier 1 more commonly known as ?
Among whom did Taurus become an important object of worship ?
Which two star systems form the two horns of the bull ?
What did John Bevis discover in 1731 ?
Why might the name "seven sisters" have a common ancient origin ?
Was Suzhou named Wu County before ?
Is the Tiger Hill a tourist destination ?
Is Pingjiang Road 1,200 years old ?
Where is Suzhou in China ?
What is the hottest temperature in Suzhou ?
What is Suzhou famous for  ?
Who got the people to build Shantang Street ?
Is Xiyuan Temple larger than Hanshan Temple  ?
Will Northwesterly winds blowing from Siberia push temperatures above 35  ?
Is Java suitable for the digital cable television in 1991 ?
Did James Gosling resign  ?
Is Java slower than C ++  ?
When was the first public implementation as Java 1.0 released ?
Who said that Sun\'s ideal role with regard to Java was an "evangelist" ?
When will garbage collection happen ?
Is syntax of Java the same as that in C++ ?
Why is Java platform dependent ?
Is primitive data type integer an object ?
Is English an East Germanic Language ?
Does the phonology of English differ between dialects ?
Has the vocabulary changed over the centuries ?
What features do English use as resources for conveying meaning ?
Where was English first spoken ?
How many people speak English to at least a basic level ?
Which language is the largest one by the number of native speakers ?
Is it true that written English varies more than spoken English ?
What was English written in before it adopted the Latin script ?
Does Leo contain many bright stars ?
Was Leo identified as the Nemean LioniIn in Greek mythology ?
Does Leo remain one of the 88 modern constellations today ?
When does the Leonids occur ?
Which star is the brightest star in the night sky at the infrared N-band ?
Who is at the opposite end of the constellation to Regulus ?
How many modern constellations are there today ?
Which star is about 33 light years away from the Sun ?
What causes significant outbursts of the Leonids every 35 years ?
Can the djembe produce a wide variety of sounds ?
Is it rare to see women play djembe ?
Is the djembe an unusually loud drum ?
What does the volume of the djembe rise with ?
What is the djembe played with ?
Where is the djembe originally from ?
Is the number of recordings of the djembe large or small compared to other African drums ?
Why is lenke the most prized djembe wood ?
How long does the skin of the hand contact the drum ?
Is Santiago the capital of Chile ?
Are earthquakes common occurrences in Santiago ?
Is Santiago the industrial and financial center of Chile ?
When was Santiago founded ?
Who is Santiago named after ?
How many Metro stations in Santiago is currently in operation ?
What is the approximated number of residences of Santiago in 1920 ?
Is Santiago humid in summer ?
Is rainfall in Santiago stable ?
Is standard Chinese the official language of Taiwan ?
Is Chinese spoken by the Han majority ?
Does Singapore have a large Chinese community ?
Which dialect is Standard Chinese based on ?
When was the People\x92s Republic founded ?
How many systems of Chinese characters are there currently ?
Does Japanese use Chinese in spoken communications ?
Does a Chinese word consist only one character-morpheme ?
Are most Chinese words made up of only one character ?
Is the Crux commonly known as the Southern cross ?
Do the brightest stars of the Crux appear on the Australian flag ?
Is the Crux referred to as Trishanku in ancient Hindi astrology ?
Which constellation borders the Crux on ea ?
What is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies ?
What is used as a corporate logo by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ?
Is Crux one of the largest constellations in the sky ?
Is the Crux easily visible from the Northern Hemisphere throughout the year ?
Is the Polaris analogous to the Crux in navigation in the Northern Hemisphere ?
Is Spanish an official Language of the United Nations? ?
Is Spanish part of the Ibero-Romance group of languages ?
Does the Spanish alphabet have 27 letters? ?
For how many countries is Spanish the primarily spoken language ?
In what script is Spanish written ?
What are two terms for the Spanish Language in Spanish ?
To which languages is Spanish related? ?
Which language has more native speakers than Spanish ?
Where is Portunol spoken? ?
Does the instrument consist of a pair of hand drums of contrasting sizes and timbres ?
Are the roots for tabla invention found in Indonesia ?
Is Indian music traditionally practice-oriented ?
Who was Maula Bakhsh (born as Chole Khan in 1833) ?
What  the bayan (called dhama or dhamma) is often made out of ?
What in Jaip ?
What are the name of the head areas ?
Does Hindustani classical music have more than two standard notation systems ?
Was Maula Bakhsh (born as Chole Khan in 1833) an American musici ?
Was the first major sympathy strike in 1903 ?
Does Vancouver have one of the largest urban parks in North America ?
Is TransLink responsible for roads and public transportation within Metro Vancouver ?
What do the Vancouver Police Department's operational divisions include ?
What is based on Deadman's Island in Stanley Park ?
What performers are included in musical contributions from Vancouver ?
How many public universities are in the Greater Vancouver area ?
How long did the Vancouver Playhouse Theatre Company operate ?
Was Vancouv ?
 ?
By what year is the railway from Nantong to Shanghai expected to be completed ?
What caused the destruction of many of Suzhou's gardens in 1937 ?
Is Klingon Christmas Carol play the first production that is primarily in Klingon ?
Does Klingon follow a strict syllable structure ?
Is Klingon an agglutinative language ?
Where does the Klingon language first appeared on-screen ?
How many consonants and vowels does Klingon have ?
In which situations is the Clipped Klingon useful ?
Who announced the release of a suite of electronic Klingon language software for most computer platforms in May 2009 ?
What is the first language course written in pIqaD ?
Which makes the Klingon language guttural and harsh and unusual ?
Is Moscow the capital city of Russia ?
Is the Tretyakov Gallery the most notable art museums in Moscow ?
Does the Moscow Metro comprise twelve lines ?
Who ordered the construction of the Kremlin ?
Where does the Borodino Panarama museum locate ?
How many high schools are there in Moscow ?
What is Russia's traditional religion ?
Which park has the area that is six times greater than that of Central Park in New York ?
Which marketplace was administratively divided into twelve parts ?
 ?
Does Aries mean goat in Latin ?
Is Aries between Pisces and Taurus ?
Are Alp ?
Who described the constellation Aries ?
Historical ?
Which obsolete constellations were introduced in Aries ?
Is Hamal brighter than Alpha ?
How many times per year does the Daytime Arietid occur ?
Did Aries represent a farmhand in late Babylonian times ?
Is there any bowed string instrument that is larger than cello ?
Is cello commonly used in 1970s pop music ?
Is cello more common in popular music than in classical music ?
How many strings does Cello have ?
Who wrote the earliest cello manual ?
What is the cello gro ?
Did Oasis use Cello in their music ?
Does violin has a endpin ?
Is curved bow developed for monophonic playing ?
Is someone who plays the violin called a luthier ?
Does the voice of a violin depend on its shape ?
Can the violin be played while seated ?
Where were the earliest pictures of violins seen ?
Can fine tuners be used with gut strings ?
What is the process of determining the maker and manufacturing date of a violin called ?
Where is the finest Renaissance carved and decorated violin in the world currently located ?
Who made the instrument known as Lady Blunt ?
Is a viola bigger than a violin ?
Who published the first book detailing Esperanto ?
What is the most popular online learning platform of Esperanto ?
Who created Esperanto ?
What is a common criticism of Esperanto ?
In which two continents are speakers of Esperanto most numerous ?
What was Zamenhof's motivation to create Esperanto ?
In what years were the World Congresses of Esperanto not held in various countries ?
What is an advantage of Esperanto over English ?
What nationality was the creator of Esperanto ?
Is Carmel a city in Montery County ?
Is Carmel known for its natural scenery ?
Was Clint Eastwood mayor ?
When was the United States founded ?
When was Clint Eastwood mayor ?
Who was the founder of the Forest Theater ?
Are hote ?
Who was father Crespi buried next to ?
Who did Jack London and Mary Austin associate with ?
Did James Gosling initiate Java in 1991 ?
Is Java the most popular programming language ?
Was Java initially called Oak ?
When was the first public implementation of Java released ?
How does Java mange memory in the object lifecycle ?
From which language did Java derive its syntax ?
What intermediate step allows Java to run any operating system ?
What kind of memory gets freed by the garbage collector ?
What is java's suffix for its source code file ?
Is Taurus in the southern hemisphere ?
Is the three-letter abbreviation "Tau" ?
Is Pioneer 9 moving in the direction of this constellation ?
Which English astronomer discovered Taurus in 1790 ?
When is the most favorable time to observe Taurus ?
What does Taurus symbolize in Greece mythology ?
What is Taurus's latin etymology ?
How many lines are in the official constellation ?
Did the Druids revere Taurus ?
Is Hanshan Temple Buddhist? ?
Is Sun Tzu from Suzhou ?
Is Suzhou one of the fastest growing cities in the world ?
Where is Suzhou ?
When was Suzhou founded ?
What is Suzhou's economy primarily based on ?
How far away from Shangai is Suzhou ?
Why is Suzhou's service sector so large ?
Where does Tiger Hill get its name ?
Is Java a functional programming language ?
Does Java derive a lot of its syntax from C++ ?
Does Java use a garbage collector ?
What was Java originally designed for ?
What was Java initially called ?
When was the Java language project initiated ?
Does C++ use more memory than Java ?
Does Java's garbage collecting allow for explicit memory management ?
How do Java users gain access to graphics ?
Is Andromeda officially recognized by the International Astronomical Union ?
Was Andromeda one of the original 48 constellations formulated by Ptolemy ?
Is there a universal depiction of Andromeda ?
What is the brightest star of Andromeda ?
What is the most famous deep-sky object in Andromeda ?
When does the Andromedids meteor shower appear to radiate from Andromeda ?
Is Andromeda a large constellation ?
What is the area of Andromeda ?
Could the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies collide in five billion years ?
Are piccolos now only manufactured in the key of F ?
Are piccolos often orchestrated to double the violins or the flutes ?
Is the piccolo almost always used in concert band settings ?
In the orchestral setti ?
The piccolo is a member of what family of musical instruments ?
What are piccolos today made from ?
Did Robert Baksa compose sonatas for piccolo ?
Is the piccolo less strident than the fife ?
Is the piccolo smaller than the standard transverse flute ?
During World War  ?
Is Malaya the national language of Singapore ?
Is Singapore 14th largest importer in the world ?
When was Modern Singapore found ?
What is the national fruit of Singapore ?
What is the other name for Singapore Island in Malay ?
What new features were added to Singapore Area Licensing Scheme in 1998 ?
Why did Singapore become a part of Federation of Malaysia in 1963 ?
List and describe the main components of Singapore's government HealthCare System ?
Is Santoor played while sitting in asana ?
Does Persian Santoor has 75 strings ?
Is Santoor very sensitive to light strokes ?
What is the trapezoid framework of Santoor made of  ?
By what name is Santoor referred as in ancient Sanskrit Text ?
Where was primitive ancestor of Santoor invented ?
List any 3 notable players who are pioneers in playing Santoor ?
Is Persian Santoor more rectangular as compared to Indian Santoor ?
How is the left side of Santoor different from the right side ?
Does Abu Dhabi house federal government offices ?
Is Abu Dhabi the poorest emirate of the UAE in terms of Gross Domestic Product and per capita income ?
How many football stadiums does Abu Dhabi have ?
What was the population of Abu Dhabi in 2006 ?
How did Abu Dhabi get its name ?
Which institution supervises the schools in Abu Dhabi ?
How does the diverse cuisine in Abu Dhabi reflect the nature of its society ?
In which months is the climate of Abu Dhabi the hottest ?
What are some examples of schools and universities in Abu Dhabi ?
Is Leo one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Does Leo contain many bright starts ?
Is Tau Leonis a triple star ?
Where is Leo lying ?
What is the magnitude of Zosma ?
How far is Epsilon Leonis from Earth ?
Is M65 part of the Leo Triplet ?
Do the primary star and the secondary star in Tau Leonis have the same magnitude ?
Why is Leo easily recognizable ?
Is English a West Germanic language ?
Is English the world's mostly widely used language ?
Are mang French words intelligible to an English speaker ?
Where does the word English derive from ?
How many people speak English as their frist language ?
What is the official language of the European Union ?
What is the first-most-common native language in the world ?
Does the Oxford English Dictionary list less than 200,000 distinct words ?
What was the dominant language of sicence-related Nobel Prize laureates before the scond half of the 20th century ?
Is a Djembe a drum ?
Is a djembe made of hardwood ?
Did the djembe first come to the attention of audiences outside Africa in 1924 ?
When did Toure die ?
What does the name of the djembe translate to ?
What sound pressure can skilled players of a djembe achieve ?
Who is one modern artist who used the djembe ?
Can anyone achieve 30 distinct sounds with a djembe ?
What is a person who plays djembe called ?
Is Leo a lion ?
Is Regulus a blue-white main-sequence star ?
Is M66 an elliptical galaxy ?
What was Heracles know to the ancient Romans as ?
What is one spiral galaxy that is part of the Leo Triplet ?
When are the January Leonids ?
Why is this constellation named Leo ?
How many times larger is R Leonis compared to the sun ?
What constellation was the USS Leonis named after ?
Does Python use whitespace indentation ?
Does Python make a distinction between lists and tuples ?
Does Python support tail-call optimization ?
How large is Python's standard library ?
What are users and admirers of Python called ?
Where is Python's name derived from ?
What kind of boolean expressions does Python allow ?
Will Python ever support tail-call optimization or first-class continuations ?
To what degree has Python been used in the information security industry ?
Does the djembe produce a variety of sounds ?
Is the djembe a versatile drum ?
Has the djembe been used by modern musical artists ?
What is the weight range of a djembe ?
Where does the djembe originate from ?
What are the basic sounds of a Djembe ?
What is the name of the metal rattles that are frequently attached to a djemba drum ?
What material are most djembes carved from ?
What is the name of the method of tuning a djembe ?
Does the kaval have 8 holes ?
Is the Bulgarian kaval now made of a sinlge piece of wood ?
Are there seven types of kavals in Macedonia ?
Who plays the svirka ?
Can the Turkish kaval be made of bone ?
What can Macedonian \x9aupelka be made of ?
In the Bulgarian folk ta ?
Would it be nicer to be woken up by the upper register or lower register of the Macedonian \x9aupelka ?
What is the difference between a male and female Kaval ?
Did the ottomans pillage Buda in 1541 ?
Does the Danube River enter the city from the north ?
Does Budapest host a fashion week two times every year ?
What country is Budapest the capitol of ?
As of 20 ?
What geographic feature caused the Romans to colonise the area to the west of the Danube River ?
How does the public transportation in Budapest compare with other cities ?
Is there more illegal pornography in Hungary or Canada ?
What style architecture are the mosques and baths built during the Turkish occumation ?
Is Santiago the largest city in Chile ?
Does the climate in Santiago border a mediterranean climate ?
Are earthquakes common in Santiago ?
What/who is Santiago named after ?
Who sent Pedro de Valdivia ?
Where is the tallest building in Latin America located ?
Why did Santiago experience a demographic explosion during the 20th century ?
Is the Alameda de las Delicias located in the south arm of the Mapocho River ?
Which is the only Chilean team to have won the Copa Sudamericana? ?
Are all varieties of Chinese tonal ?
Is Mandarin the official standard language of the People's Republic of China ?
Was Old Chinese the language of the Western Zhou period ?
What is the Wade-Giles ?
How does the PRC government describe literacy among workers ?
In Hong Ko ?
Can single syllable morphemes form multi-syllabic compounds ?
Which is the second most spoken regional group of Chinese ?
Does Old Chinese have initial consonant clusters and voiceless nasals ?
Is Yangqin originally from China ?
Is the yangqin used as a solo instrument  ?
Does the Silk Route pass through Iran  ?
How many bridges are there on a yangqin ?
What are hammers in a yangqin made of  ?
How many strings does a modern yangqin have in total ?
What name is given to the category of instruments played by some Cantonese music groups  ?
Why is the yangqin usually positioned at the front of the orchestra ?
How can the vibrations in the yangqin be dampened ?
Is a luthier a person who makes or repairs violins ?
Does the voice of a violin depend on its shape ?
Were the earliest stringed instruments mostly plucked ?
What can Vibrato also be used for ?
What is the most essential part of bowing technique ?
What is the placement of the left hand on the fingerboard is characterized by ?
Do violin and fiddle mean the same thing ?
Is the mezzo violin slightly longer than the violin ?
Where did violins develop into instruments ?
Does the city still retain Roman and Byzantine monuments ?
Is the Attica region itself split into eight regional units ?
Was Athens' name a plural in Ancient Greek ?
What is the oldest known human presence in Athens ?
What climate does Athens have ?
How many populated municipalities does the Athens Metropolitan Area consist of ?
Does Athens' location enhance its importance in finance ?
What would pave the way for the eventual introduction of democracy by Cleisthenes in 508 BC ?
What make up the dense Athens Urban Area together with the regional unit of Piraeus ?
Is Pune the seventh most populous city in India ?
Did Bal Gangadhar Tilak live in Pune ?
Did India's first death due to H1 N1 occur in Pune ?
What is the cultural capital of Maharashtr ?
Where was Shivaji born ?
How many seasons does Pune experience ?
Who is the grandfather of shivaji ?
When did the person who built Ohel David Synagogue die? ?
Who captured Pune after the battle of Sinhagad ?
Is Crux the smallest of the 88 modern constellations ?
Is Crux visible from Southern Hemisphere any time of the day ?
Is Royer wrongly cited as initially distinguishing Crux ?
Which constellations border Crux ?
What is the most prominent feature of Crux ?
What is the Argentine Air Force acrobatic display team called ?
Is Musca to the south of Centaurus ?
can Cassiopeia be seen in the sky from April to June ?
What is the language of Chakana in the language of Inca Civilization ?
How many times does the bible mention Orion ?
What was Orion known as in the medieval muslim astronomy ?
Where is Orion located at ?
What is the most conspicuous constellations in the night sky ?
When does the Orionid meteor shower reach its peak ?
What are the three bright stars on Orion's Belt ?
List a couple of movies which mention Orion ?
What is the best time for Orion to be visible in the Northern Hemisphere ?
What makes the town of Haven a haven for the Troubled ?
Is Spanish a Romance language? ?
How many letters does the Spanish alphabet have ?
Is Spanish an official language of the United Nations ?
Where was Spanish first documented ?
What are the spanish words for smith ?
How many native Spanish speakers are in the Americas ?
What was the most common language used on the internet in 2007 ?
Does Spanish always place adjectives after nouns ?
What other names does the Spanish language have ?
Is Taurus one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Does the Gould's Belt pass through the Taurus constellation ?
Is Vancouver a coastal seaport city ?
Is Vancouver classed as a Beta global city ?
Will Canada host the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup ?
How many people did The Fraser Gold Rush of 1858 brought ?
When did The Gothic-style Christ Church Cathedral open ?
What are musical contributions from Vancouver ?
How does Vancouver generate electricity ?
Is the Tiger Hill a popular tourist destination in Suzhou ?
Is the Suzhou Industrial Park beside Jinji Lake ?
Is Suzhou east of Shanghai ?
When was Suzhou founded ?
How many seasons does Suzhou have ?
Where in Suzhou is Xuanmiao Temple located ?
How far away from Shanghai is Suzhou ?
What caused Canada's first general strike in 1918 ?
Is the highest temperature at the city of Vancouver higher than which at the airport ?
Does Java use an automatic garbage collector ?
Is Java an object-oriented language ?
Is the syntax of Java derived from Lisp ?
When was the Java language project initiated ?
Who is the current owner of the Java SE platform ?
What is the comprehensive Java documentation system ?
Are Java programs more efficient than C++ programs ?
What was the original name for the Java language? ?
Was the first implementation of Java released before the year 2000 ?
Is Andromeda the daughter of Cassiopeia in the Greek Myth ?
Is Alpha Andromedae the brightest star in the constellation Andromeda ?
Were the official boundaries of Andromeda defined in 1930 ?
Who listed the original 48 constellatio ?
How many modern constellations are there ?
Who is the queen of Ethiopia ?
What is the size of the full moon ?
Is the size of the constellation Hydra larger than that of the constellation Crux ?
Which one has a bigger diameter between M31 and the Milky Way ?
Is the piccolo a member of the woodwind family of musical instruments ?
Can piccolos be manufactured in the key of C ?
Can piccolos be made from plastic ?
What is the name of piccolo in Italy ?
Who have composed pieces for piccolo alone ?
In which opera did Mozart use the piccolo ?
Comparing the piccolo and the fi ?
In which country were the term 'piccolo' using before 1854 ?
Which kind of flutes use the boehm bo ?
Has the rise of Gigabit Networks created jobs in Singapore ?
Is Singapore a single party parliamentary republic ?
Is Singapore composed of 63 islands ?
What is the language of instruction for public schools in Singapore? ?
How many official languages are the in Singapore ?
What is Singapore's economy historically based on ?
Approximately how many people who live in Singapore are foreign-born ?
How did Singapore rank on the 2010 Press Freedom Index ?
What is the main island in Singapore called in Malay ?
Are the steel tuning pegs on the left side of the santoor ?
Is the santoor played while sitting in the padmasana-ardha position ?
Is the santoor a delicate instrument ?
What is the trapezoid framework of the santoor made out of ?
What style of music is the santoor played in ?
Where is the santoor native to ?
What is the santoor referred to as in ancient Sanskrit texts ?
What shape is the santoor ?
What is the range of a typical santoor ?
Is Perl an acronym ?
Did the 20th anniversary of Perl 1.0 occur on December  ?
Is Perl an interpreted language ?
What is the most well known backronym for Perl ?
What was the topic of Larry Wall\'s first "State of the Onion" talk ?
What are the "Acme" namespace used for ?
Why did Larry Wall change the name from "Pearl" to Perl ?
What made a camel an unofficial symbol of Perl ?
What combination makes Perl a popular all-purpose language for system administrators ?
Is Singapore 400 kilometres north of the equator ?
Does Singapore have the fourth-biggest financial centre in the world ?
Does Singapore consists of 100 islands ?
How many islands make up Singapore ?
Who arrived in 1819 and signed a treaty to develop the southern part of Singapore as a British trading post ?
In what year was trial by jury abolished so that judicial decisions would rest entirely in the hands of appointed judges ?
Why does Singapore not have a minimum wage ?
Who has been allowed to fill military vocations that used to be only for men ?
What is seen as the guarantor of Singapore's independence ?
Is guitar a string instrument ?
Is guitar a type of  chordophone ?
Is guitar used in wide variety of musical genres ?
When was electric guitars introduced ?
How many types of modern acoustic guitar are there ?
When did the last surviving published music for vihuela appear ?
Is the instrument cithara the antecedents to guitar ?
How many hole does the guitarra Latina have ?
Does the word voila represent guitar in Portugal ?
Is cancer a small-sized constellation ?
Is Cancer the constellation of the zodiac ?
Is Cancer the dimmest of the zodiacal constellation ?
What is the brightest star of Cancer ?
How far is Beta Cancri from Earth ?
When was the official constellation boundaries set ?
Is Altarf brighter than Asellus Australis ?
What is the best time of the day to see Cancer ?
What is the best time of the year to see Cancer ?
Is Castor the second brightest star in Gemini ?
Did William Herschel discover Uranus on 13 March 1781 ?
Do the Geminids peak on November 13-14 ?
When is the best time to observe Gemini at night ?
What is the Clown Face Nebula ?
How many stars in the constellation are visible to observation on Earth without a telescope ?
Which nebula resembles a person's head wearing a parka ?
Do the Epsilon Geminids and Orionids peak at the same time ?
How many stars in Gemini are binary stars ?
Is the guqin a quiet instrument ?
Was the qin featured in the 2004 Summer Olympics opening ceremony ?
Do qin players perform at concerts in large concert halls ?
What were ancient guqins made of ?
According to traditi ?
How many different finger techniques are used for the q ?
Are most of the 1,070 finger techniques for the qin still used today ?
What is the difference between qin societies and qin schools ?
What are strings with a metallic tone made of ?
Does Leo contain the galaxy Messier 97 ?
Is Iota Leonis a binary star ?
Is Leo to the west of Virgo ?
The January Leonids peak between when ?
Leo is a Mira variable with a minimum magnitude of what ?
In Sumer ?
What does Iota Leonis look like ?
What star is called "the forehead" ?
How far away from Earth is M105 ?
Is English the leading language of international discourse ?
Does the English Language belong to the Anglo-Frisian sub-group ?
Does the Oxford English Dictionary list more than 500,000 distinct words ?
English is an official language of how many sovereign states ?
The language was also influenced early on by what language ?
The vowels are represented with symbols from what ?
Where is English the official language ?
What effect did the Treaty of Versailles negotiations have on English ?
How many more non-native English speakers than native speakers are there ?
Is python a high-level programming language ?
When was python conceived ?
Does python use dynamic typing ?
To what extent does python support functional programming capabilities ?
What is the newest version of Python ?
What languages is Python similar to ?
What was the significance of Van Rossum's frustrations ?
What is the general philosophy of python ?
What do "spam" and "eggs" represent ?
Where is djembe from? ?
What is djembe ?
What is djembe made of ?
Who are the Numu ?
When was the djembe invented ?
How can you achieve differences in the three basic sounds of the djembe ?
Why can't rhythms be easily transcribed ?
What type of skills are required to play the djembe ?
What would one need to learn to play the djembe ?
Of which country is Moscow the capital city ?
Which city is the largest city of Russia ?
What is the population of Moscow ?
Which city is the world's most populated inland city ?
What percentage of Moscow's territory is covered by greenery ?
Which city has the largest forest in an urban area within its borders ?
Who is the mayor of Moscow ?
When was Moscow established ?
Which timezone does Moscow use ?
Is 30 Herculis farther from the Earth than 68 Herculis ?
Is 68 Herculis' period longer than 30 Herculis' ?
What is the brightest star in Hercules ?
How far is Alpha Herculis away from the Earth ?
Does Hercules have starts above magnitude 4 ?
Is Hercules named after Hercules ?
Is the kaval fully open at both ends ?
Is kaval associated with mountain shepherds throughout the Balkans and Anatolia ?
How many playing holes does a kaval has ?
What is the register of the kaval ?
Are kavals only made of wood ?
Is the transverse flute fully open at both ends ?
Does Hercules have first or second magnitude stars ?
Is the cello a member of the violin family ?
Is cello be used as a solo musical instrument ?
Who is Hercules ?
Are cellos tuned in fifths ?
What is a person who plays the cello called ?
Do Alpha Herculis's primary and secondary stars share the same color ?
What was the direct ancestor to the violoncello ?
What is the earliest cello manual ?
Is kaval played in northern Greece ?
Is the cello larger than a double bass ?
Did Vivaldi or Boccherini write more cello concertos ?
What does kaval sound like ?
Is the cello more common in pop music or classical music ?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Is kaval entirely a shepherd's instrument nowadays ?
Is Aries recognized as one of the official constellations ?
Is Aries a relatively dim constellation ?
Where is Aries located ?
What has Aries represented since late Babylonian times ?
In ancient Egyptian mytholo ?
What has &#946; Arietis been studied for ?
Is 14 Arietis or 39 Arietis closer ?
Does 14 Arietis or 39 Arietis have a greater absolute magnitude ?
Is Athens the largest city of Greece ?
Is the annual precipitation of Athens typically lower than in other parts of Greece ?
Is Athens the capital of Italy ?
Which city is recognised as a global city because of its geo-strategic location ?
Who created a salt water spring by striking the ground with a trident ?
When did Athens become the capital of Greece ?
What is the area of the National Garden of Athens ?
Which is Greece's second largest city ?
Which city was the provisional capital of Greece from 1829 to 1834 ?
Is the cello a bowed string instrument ?
Is the cello used as a solo musical instrument ?
Is the cello typically made from rubber ?
Is Santiago the capital of Chile ?
Is Santiago the largest city of Chile ?
What is the person who plays a cello called ?
What is the retail capital of Chile ?
What are the most widely circulated newspapers in Chile ?
How many cinemas are there in Santiago ?
Which instrument is increasingly common in traditional fiddle music ?
What is the decorative border inlay on the top and back of the cello known as ?
What does the name cello mean ?
Who modified the cello for Indian classical music ?
How do mutes change the sound of the cello ?
Is fiddle a string instrument ?
Is violin usually with four strings tuned in perfect fifth ?
Were the earliest stringed instruments mostly plucked ?
How many strings of violin are usually tuned in perfect fifth? ?
Where is violin first known in 16th-century ?
What can an electric violin with a resonating body that produces listening-level sound independently of the electric elements be called ?
Which instrument do stringed instruments and bowed instruments develop into in China ?
Are hammers made of flexible bamboo ?
Does the yangquin mallet include finger grips ?
Is the Thai and Cambodian khim identical in construction ?
How many strings do modern yangquin have ?
What are the theories to explain the introduction of yangquin ?
What is the precursor to the Yangquin ?
What gave Yangquin the soft timbre ?
Why is Yangquin positioned at the front of orchestra ?
What are the different bridges on a yangquin ?
Is Santiago the cultur ?
Have El Mercurio and Copesa earned more than 50% of revenues generated in printed advertising ?
Did the Incas settle in the valley of milimae ?
What is the capital city of Chile ?
What is Santiago named after ?
Who is the highest authority in Santiago ?
Why are only few historical buildings extant in Santiago ?
What was the university Santo Tomas de Aquino renamed as ?
Does the PUC conduct courses in English ?
When did fidel or viuola first emerged ?
What is author of one of the earliest explicit description of violin ?
Was Athens chosen as the capital of the newly independent Greek state in 1834 ?
Was Athens ranked the world's 39th richest city by purchasing power and the 77th most expensive in a UBS study ?
Is the municipality of Athe ?
When did widespread social unrest lead to the reforms of Solon ?
What is the highest temperature ever recorded that Athens holds in Europe ?
Who is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sit ?
What is Athens means in Greek ?
What is the population decrease of municipality of Athens from 2011 to 2004 ?
What are the two UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Athens? ?
Is Pune considered the cultural capital of Maharashtra  ?
Were the Peshwas defeated at the Battle of Khadki  ?
Did Nanasaheb Peshwa construct Saras Baug  ?
Whom did Chhatrapati Shahu of Satara appoint Peshwa of the Maratha Empire  ?
Which college is the third oldest engineering college in Asia  ?
Which highway connects Pune to Bangalore  ?
What is the size of the NDA estate  ?
Which corporation is assisting the planning of the Pune Metro Rail  ?
Which college was founded by the Society of Jesuits for part-time students  ?
Was Crux visible to the Ancient Greeks  ?
Is Crux opposite to Cassiopeia on the celestial sphere  ?
Did Richard Rodgers write "Beneath The Southern Cross"  ?
What is the three-letter abbreviation for the constellation Crux  ?
What are the lyrics for the Southern Cross in O Sweet Saint Martin's Land  ?
When can Crux be seen in the sky in tropical regions  ?
Which star does the planet - HD 106906 b - belong to  ?
Which video game featured a radio operator named Crux  ?
How far is the Western Australian town Southern Cross from Perth  ?
Is Pune a city in India ?
Is Pune city the administrative headquarters of Pune district ?
Is Pune the cultural capital of Maharashtra ?
Where is the name Pune derived from ?
Who brought up Shivaji ?
Who appointed Rango Bapuji Dhadphale as the administrator of Pune ?
When can people visit The Science Park ?
Is Esperanto the secondary official language of a recognized country ?
Are there many slang words in Esperanto ?
Does Esperanto translate as "one who speaks? ?
When was the first World Congress of Esperanto organized ?
How many consonants does Esperanto have ?
Who created Esperanto ?
Is the grammar of Esperanto the same as the grammar of languages spoken in China ?
Is it easier to change Esperanto than it is to change ethnic languages ?
Was the World Congress of Esperanto held during the world wars ?
What country is Vancouver located in ?
How many people live in Vancouver ?
What percentage of Vancouver's residents have a first language other than English ?
What was Vancouver originally named ?
What city is among the to-ten of the world's most liveable cities ?
Which three cities are more densely populated than Vancouver ?
What cities did Aboriginal people have villages in ?
What city is named after George Vancouver ?
What is the significance of George Vancouver ?
What are Orion's brightest stars ?
What is Orion bordered by ?
Which god were the stars of Orion regarded as ?
Who was Orion ?
When was the mammoth ivory carving representing Orion fashioned ?
Why are the constellations of Scorpius and Orion never in the sky at the same time ?
What does Tayamnisinte represent ?
What makes Hayk so important ?
What is the significance of The Baby Deer ?
Is Hindustani the native language of most people living in Bihar ?
Is Hindi written in Devanagari script ?
Are Hindi and Urdu the same language ?
How many speakers of actual Hindustani Hindi are there in 1991 ?
When did Bihar accepted Hindi as its sole official language ?
Who adopted Hindi as the Official Language of the Union on 14 September 1949 ?
What are the five principal categories of Standard Hindi loans words ?
Is Hindi written from right to left ?
When is Hindi Day ?
Are the roots for tabla invention found in China ?
Is the tabla an instrument ?
Is the right hand drum called a table ?
What is the left hand drum called ?
What is the larger drum called ?
Which hand plays with the smaller drum ?
Does the Tabla mainly use the full palm ?
What should the smaller drum be correctly called ?
What is the most common material for making the larger drum ?
Is Cancer one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac ?
Is Cancer the dimmest constellation among zodiacal constellations ?
Is Cancer a binary star system ?
What is the abbreviation for the constellation Cancer ?
How far is the cluster Messier 67 away from Earth ?
What does the modern symbol for Cancer represent ?
Which cluster is located at the center of the Cancer ?
Does cluster Messier 67 have an area of approximately the size of the full moon ?
Is there only one type of creatures which can represent Cancer ?
Is Hindustani the native language of most people living in Delhi ?
Is Modern Standard Hindi one of the official languages of India ?
Are Hindi and Urdu the same language ?
How many people in India reported Hindi to be their native language ?
What are the official languages of Fiji ?
How many prominent forms or styles can Hindi literature be broadly divided into ?
Does The Dwivedi Yug in Hindi literature appear in 1899 ?
Does Hindi use more Sanskrit words than Urdu ?
What problems do excessive use of tatsam words create for native speakers ?
Was the Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo founded on June ?
Do most hotels allow dogs ?
Does the town have a total population of 4,081 ?
How many miles north of Los Angeles is Carmel-by-the-Sea ?
Who led the first Europeans to see Carmel-by-the-Sea ?
Why was the Carmel Arts and Crafts Club formed ?
How long is the Carmel Bach Festival ?
Who led the endeavor to build one of the first outdoor theaters west of the Rockies? ?
In what year did the Carmel post office open ?
Is Latin a descendant of the ancient Proto-Indo-European language ?
Is java a functional programming language ?
Does Java support C/C++ style pointer arithmetic ?
How many noun cases does Latin have ?
Can static methods be invoked without a reference to an object ?
Does C++ support operator overloading ?
Is it true that many Italic languages except Latin and its derivative Romance Languages have died out ?
How many Java Runtime Environment downloads are there each year ?
Is Java SE6 released on December  ?
Is guitar a type of chordophone ?
Do Java core libraroes include security ?
When will a "null pointer exception" been thrown  ?
When were electric guitars introduced ?
Is Java Runtime Environment intended for software developers and end users ?
Is Taurus a Latin word ?
Is early amplified guitars with a hollow body prone to feedback? ?
is Taurus the only constellation crossed by all three of the galactic equat ?
Was Taurus identified with Zeus ?
What is the right ascension coordinates of those borders ?
What clusters to Earth dose Taurus host ?
Where is T Tauri ?
Why does goddess Ishtar send Taurus ?
What's the name of the ring-like galactic structure passes through the Taurus constellation? ?
By what evidence did north American people observe the supernova ?
Is Suzhou in the Yangtze basin ?
Are the Twin Pagodas are a well-known museum in Suzhou ?
Was the Suzhou New District established in 1994 ?
How many seasons does Suzhou have ?
What city is connected with Suzhou by the Nanjing-Shanghai Expressway ?
In what dynasty was the name "Suzhou" officially used ?
Who wrote a poem about the Hanshan Temple ?
How much do you need to pay to rent a bike for four hours ?
How old is Pan Gate ?
Is portability a design goal of Java ?
Is Microsoft the current owner of the official implementation of the Java SE platform ?
Are generics server-side Java EE components ?
What is a major benefit of using bytecode ?
What option allows ARM based processors to have hardware support for executing Java bytecode ?
Who defines and supports four editions of Java ?
What major release was in 2011 ?
What will occur ideally when a program is idle ?
Who defines and supports Java Card for smartcards ?
Does cellos tuned in the same intervals as the viola ?
Were wire-wound strings invented in Bologna ?
Are Baroque era cellos the same as the modern cellos ?
How many strings does cello have ?
What is a cellist ?
What instrument was cello created to be used in consort with ?
Is cello larger than double bass ?
Does double bass has an endpin that rests on the floor ?
In standard orchestral seati ?
Is Aries one of the constellations of the zodiac ?
Is Aries associated with the beginning of summer ?
Is Hamal the brightest star in Aries ?
What does the symbol of Aries represent ?
How many bright stars does Aries possess ?
What is the title of Aries in Egypt ?
Was Aries fully accepted as a constellation before classical times ?
Is spiral structure normally found in an elliptical galaxy? ?
Is Gamma Aries above the fourth magnitude ?
Where is the santoor from ?
Where does the santoor originate from ?
How many strings does the santoor have ?
What shape is the santoor ?
What material is used to make a santoor ?
Who has played the santoor before ?
At what height is the santoor played ?
How many hands do you need to play the santoor ?
What tools are used to play the santoor ?
When is Andromeda most prominent ?
Is there a meteor shower associated with Andromeda ?
What tradition does the name Andromeda come from ?
Does Andromeda contain any open clusters ?
Which astronomer listed Andromeda ?
Which cultures studied Andromeda ?
What galaxy is Andromeda colliding with ?
What telescope did Edwin Hubble use to observe the Andromeda Nebula ?
What is Andromeda's most well known open cluster ?
Is Gemini a constellation of the zodiac ?
Is Castor the brightest star in Gemini ?
Is Gemini dominated by Castor and Leda ?
How many stars in Gemini are visible to observation without a telescope ?
What stars were known as the Great Twins ?
When did William Herschel discover Uranus ?
Where is Gemini relative to Taurus ?
For how long does the Sun reside in the astrological sign of Gemini each year ?
When was the earliest known observation of Gemini recorded ?
Does Abu Dhabi house federal government offices ?
Is Abu Dhabi home to important financial institutions ?
Are students from 15 to 18 years old taught Brazilian jiu-jitsu as part of the curriculum ?
When did the company discover the Bu Hasa field ?
Who is the water supply in Abu Dhabi managed by ?
How many football stadiums does Abu Dhabi have ?
Does the origin of the name "Abu Dhabi" come from a tale ?
Are the arabic-speaking Arabs part of a clan-based society ?
How did Abu Dhabi actively attempt to diversify its economy in recent years ?
Is English a West Germanic language ?
Is English spoken in Ireland ?
Is English the primary language in Anguilla ?
Was the first known use of the piccolo circa 1854 ?
Are piccolos made from a range of materials ?
Are there a number of pieces for piccolo alone ?
What key are piccolos manufactured in ?
What instrument should the piccolo not be confused with ?
What key were piccolos once available is ?
What is Italian for "little octave" ?
Was one of the earliest pieces to use the piccolo was Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 ?
Is there a large selection of chamber music that uses the piccolo ?
Was Suzhou founded in 514 AD ?
Is Suzhou is one of the ten largest cities in the world ?
Does Suzhou have a four-seas ?
At what rate has Suzhou grown in the last 35 years ?
In what part of Suhzou is the National Tourism and Vacation Zone ?
How many parallel railways are there in the Shanghai-Nanjing corridor ?
Is there more than one app availble for reserving taxis in the city ?
Is Suzhou part of the "Four Famous Embroderies" ?
Is the Suzhou Railway Station busy ?
How many people speak English as a first language ?
Who brought the fusion of closely related dialects to the eastern coast of Great Britain ?
What language did English replace as the dominant language of science-related Nobel Prize laureates ?
What country has the third highest population of native English speakers ?
From where has English assimilated words ?
Does Modern German have grammatical gender and adjectival agreement ?
Is Singapore a sovereign city-state ?
Is Singapore in Asia ?
Is Singapore one of the world's major commercial hubs ?
How many kilometers is Singapore north to the equator ?
When were the islands of Singapore settled? ?
What does the globalised and diversified economy of Singapore depend on ?
Through what way does Singapore expanded it\x92s territory ?
From which kind of animal did Singapore get its English name ?
In 20 ?
Is the Indian santoor an ancient string musical instrument ?
Does the Indian santoor has more strings than the Persian counterpart ?
In Ind ?
How many sets of bridges does a typical santoor have ?
What is used as an accompaniment by the Sufi mystics to their hymns ?
What is a santoor sensitive to ?
While playing with the santo ?
What is the trapezoid framework of a santoor made out of ?
How much strings does the Persian counterpart has ?
Is Budapest the capital of Hungary ?
Was the first settlement on the territory of Budapest built after 1 AD ?
Was Hungary declared a communist People's Republic in 1949 ?
What is the capital of Hungary ?
How many tourists are attracted to the city per year ?
What annual festivals take place in Budapest ?
Who is the current Mayor of Budapest ?
What type of Roman settlement was Budapest initially ?
Why was the Buda Castyle gutted in the 1950s ?
Does Python support multiple programming paradigms ?
Was Python 3.0 released on 16 October 2000 ?
Does python have index and slice expressions on lists ?
What is Python ?
What document summarizes the core philosophy of the language ?
What is the main Python implementatio named ?
Does Python support the functional programming paradigm ?
How are type constraints checked ?
What advantage does PyPy have over CPython ?
Does Hercules have second magnitude stars ?
Is Hercules one of the 88 modern constellations today ?
Is M13 visible to the naked eye ?
How many stars in Hercules are known to be orbited by extrasolar planets ?
How far is Mu Herculis from Earth ?
What does Ras Algethi literally mean ?
Is Rasalgethi brighter than Kornephoros ?
Is the apparent diameter of M13 larger than the moon ?
Is NGC 6229 brighter than M13 ?
Is the kaval open at both ends ?
Is the kaval primarily associated with mountain shepherds ?
Is the svirka a Bulgarian shepherds' flute ?
How many playing holes does kaval have ?
How many types of kavals are there in Macedonia ?
What is the most common kaval in Bulgaria ?
Is the transverse flute open at both ends ?
Does 'kavali' always have the thumb-hole ?
Is the najmal kaval larger than the golem kaval ?
Is Cantonese influential in Guangdong province ?
Is Chinese one of four official languages of Singapore ?
Has Chinese ever absorbed loanwords from other cultures ?
How many characters can a well-educated Chinese reader today recognize ?
When was Northern Vietnam incorporated into the Han Empire ?
When did classical Chinese literature begin ?
Can Hakka people speak Taiwanese ?
When did Chinese start to have uniform phonetic transcription system ?
Does Standard Chinese has more than 1,700 distinct syllables ?
Is Hercules one of the 88 modern constellations ?
Is Kappa Herculis a double star ?
Does Hercules contain globular cluster M92 ?
How far is Alpha Herculis from Earth ?
What is the brightest globular cluster in the northern hemisphere ?
How many second magnitude stars does Hercules have ?
Is the number of stars in M13 less than 300,000 ?
Can we see M13 with naked eye ?
How many globular clusters in Hercules are brighter than NGC 6229 ?
Is Santiago the capital of Chile ?
Is the Comodoro Arturo Merino Ben\xedtez International Airport located in Chile ?
Is majority of the population of Santiago catholic ?
Who is Santiago named after ?
What was the populataion of the Santiago metropolitan area in 2002 ?
What is the name of Santiago's public bus transport system ?
Has the air pollution in Santiago reduced in 2010 ?
Are the eastern communes in Santiago richer than the western communes ?
How many Santiaguino monuments have been declared as World Heritage sites by UNESCO ?
Is Crux a modern constellation? ?
Can Crux be seen in the sky from April to June? ?
When was Melbourne's Southern Cross Hotel built? ?
What is the Latin name for cross? ?
What is the most prominent dark nebula in the sky ?
What are the four main stars that form the Crux asterism? ?
When did the Crux become begin to be used as a national symbol by southern nations? ?
Who were the first uranographers to distinguish Crux as a separate constellation? ?
Which cardinal direction can be found using Crux's stars? ?
Is Kaval open at both ends ?
Can Kaval be made from water buffalo horn ?
Is Kaval used in folk songs  ?
How many playing holes does Kaval have ?
What is Kaval primarily associated with ?
What does Kaval play ?
Where is Kaval used ?
What does Kaval sound like ?
What is the purpose of a wooden holder ?
Is Budapest the largest city of Hungary  ?
Was Budapest the focal point of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 ?
Was the first settlement on territory of Budapest built by Celts ?
How many inhabitants did Budapest have in 2011 ?
How many universities are situated in Budapest ?
When did Budapest become a global city  ?
When did Austro-Hungarian Empire dissolve ?
How many geothermal springs does Budapest have  ?
Where was Budapest ranked on Mastercard's Emerging Markets Index ?
Is the brightest stars of Orion Rigel and Betelgeuse ?
Are the stars of Orion regarded as a god called Sah in ancient Egypt ?
Is Orion one of the 28 lunar mansions in China ?
What is the name of the Orion constellation in the Armenian translation of the Bible ?
In Siber ?
What shape do Orion's seven brightest stars form in the night sky ?
Are the depictions linked to the constellation of Orion before 1970 ?
Does Sirius rise after Orion ?
Is Orion northwestward of Sirius ?
Did Spanish originate in the Castile region of Spain ?
Is Spanish a part of the Ibero-Romance group of languages ?
Is Spanish a syllable-timed language ?
Approximately how many people speak Spanish as a native language ?
What language did Spanish evolve from ?
What is the general sentence structure of Spanish ?
Which language has the most number of native speakers worldwide ?
Is Spanish more commonly used than English on the Internet ?
Are there more Spanish speakers in United States than in Mexico ?
Is Vancouver consistently named as one of the top five worldwide cities for livability ?
Is Vancouver well known as an urban centre surrounded by nature ?
Did the City of Vancouver been incorporated on 6 April 1886 ?
Who was the first European to explore the coast of present-day Point Grey and parts of Burrard Inlet ?
Where is the Vancouver Art Gallery housed ?
What dominated the economy of early Vancouver ?
Do Vancouver and other British Columbia municipalities been incorporated under the Vancouver Charter ?
Did Liberal Party of Canada won more than three seats in the 2004 federal elections ?
Why the city's action plan outlines the following 10 discrete goals ?
Does the Bible mention Orion five times ?
Does Orion's current name derive from Greek mythology ?
Is Orion very useful as an aid to locating other stars ?
Where is Orion located ?
What of Orion is an asterism within the constellation ?
In Chi ?
What's the colors of Orion's brightest stars ?
What's the name of Orion's sixth brightest star ?
What border Orion to the east ?
Is Yangqin originally from China ?
Is yangqin's tuning pins set in parallel ?
Is yangqin traditionally fitted with gold strings ?
How many strings does modern yangqin usually have ?
One theory is that yangqin came into contact with the Chinese through what road ?
What are hammers on yangqin made of ?
Is the Iranian dulcimer thought to have possibly influenced yangqin ?
Is it possible that the yangqin was developed entirely within China ?
Does the special construction of the hammers influence the way yangqins are played ?
Is Santiago the largest city of Chile ?
Is promaucaes the name of the group given by Chileans ?
In the 1920 cens ?
When was Santiago founded ?
Which place became a landmark in Santiago due to its large garde ?
When did the first earthquake on record strike Santiago ?
Was the first human groups of Santiago a part of the Inca Empire ?
Did the Mapocho River floods stop the growth of Santiago ?
Is Santiago's winter wetter than it's summer ?
Is Orion visible throughout the world ?
How far from earth is Alnitak ?
Which is Orion's sixth brightest star ?
When will the Orionid meteor shower reach its peak each year ?
Is Betelgeuse a supergiant ?
Where were the stars of Orion regarded as a god called Sah ?
Will Orion always be located on the celestial equator ?
How long ago was the first depiction of Orion made ?
Are Orion's brightest stars closer to Earth than Sirius ?
Is Spanish recognised as one of the official languages of the United Nations ?
What is the Cervantes Institute ?
Was Spanish taken to the colonies of the Spanish Empire ?
Is Spanish an official language of the African Union ?
Can Portuguese speakers understand Spanish easily ?
Did Spanish evolve from Vulgar Latin ?
In which country was the Association of Spanish Language Academies created ?
Is lexical similarity between Spanish and Portuguese lower than between Spanish and Italian ?
Is Spanish the most spoken language by total number of speakers ?
Is Hindustani the native language of Bihar ?
Linguistical ?
Is Bhakti a prominent form of Hindi literature ?
When did the Government of India set up a committee to prepare a grammar of Hindi ?
What is the Devanagari script also called ?
Which was the first state of India to adopt Hindi as an official language ?
Does Urdu use fewer Sanskrit words compared to Hindi ?
Does the educated middle class of India have an easier time pronouncing tatsam words ?
Did the Chhayavaad occur before or after the Dwivedi Yug ?
Is the Tabla an instrument ?
Are the roots for tabla invention found in Malaysia ?
Are there two ways to play the Tabla ?
What music is the tabla often used in ?
What technique does the Tabla use ?
What are the cylindrical wood blocks inserted between the strap and shell called ?
How can one learn Ghar&#257;n&#257; secrets ?
How is the puri tied to the keenar ?
Who was the grandson of the founder of the Universal Sufism ?
Is Cancer one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac ?
Is Beta Cancri the brightest star in Cancer ?
Is Cancer the dimmest in the zodiacal constellations ?
How many stars in Cancer are above the fourth magnitude ?
Who used the Greek letters Alpha through Omega to label the most prominent starts in the constellation ?
Which constellation is bordered by Gemini to the we ?
Is the myth about Hercules and the Hydra originated from the Babylonian constellation ?
Can people see Alpha Cancri through small amateur telescopes ?
Does Zeta Cancri contain more than three stars in the system ?
Is Hindustani the native language of most people living in Delhi ?
Is Hindi and Urdu are the same language linguistically ?
Is Hindi an official language in Fiji ?
Who set up a committee to prepare a grammar of Hindi in 1954 ?
When did the Constituent Assembly adopt Hindi as the Official Language of the Union ?
When did the committee release the report "A Basic Grammar of Modern Hindi" ?
Is Fiji a part of Asia ?
Does Hindi have much standard encoding for search engines to locate text ?
What makes tatsam words difficult for native Hindi speakers ?
